you know guys k-pax in here welcome to
part one of my life let's play your
fault actually off a schematic guy to
the ship deception on the PSP gonna
start a new campaign on a is difficult
for you have to take down like ten
barbers nothing interesting now you can
see I don't have many of the planes I
can walk the mall but I found bought
them because I didn't have the money
yeah lets you touch the Terminator
that's a nice airplane for our air
combat clock white stuff like that I'm
gonna play with it and now introduction
it's an easy mission you should take me
like criminal why I've got visual one by
you can see it easy actually it is not
the work simple one more down Mama's
gonna buy switching to normal Michelle
because I'm a pedestrian it says here
but it's not doing anything what I'm
gonna get okay and now the worst bumble
turkeys perfect position and some
machine gun to finish him off now watch
the cutscene
yeah that was crap I mean recorded a
success like 20 seconds ago yeah there
we go we have some money now we're gonna
save and then we see the first movie
that explains the story you won't
understand many of the things but it
they will become clear with the time
just
tell you later his gravelly voice
October one year after Lisa began to set
their sights on their peaceful neighbor
the Federal Republic of aralia claiming
retribution for years of exploitation
the invasion suddenly began with the
ever-present threat of the cloaked
airborne fortress Glade there was little
time to react a few concerns raised such
was the speed at which Oliver alien fell
place as control well not everything is
fallen into their hands but it's only a
matter of time looking out over the
capitol towers both was originally
so that's the first movie and now you
should see a breaking but that would be
for next time bye guys